to the girls and guys welcome another
my good day I have decided to channel
do this video since in my video
previous or previous to another because I do not know
In what order will I upload you have asked me
than with the new iron that I have with
the a-7 made waves want to know how
waves are made with a plate so wide and
Well the truth is that it is quite easy
so good
I thank you in the room that
I'm recording now, as much as I
I complained that it's not like where I was
before I have a pretty close plug and
as the cable is very long I can
record them the video so great and nothing
I'll show you how to do it
smoothed a little more the side where
the I'll do for you to see how
it does and it's very simple simply
you have to take a lock
we press it rotate and in this way and
let's go down slowly
and let's go and there we have our deep
and well this is the problem they give
these plates that you get that line and
marked but what I do is what
next from where I made the curl
go back smoothly to remove
a little bit that mark
the scale mark for my opinion is that
you practically do not notice
I'm going to take another lock to show you
one simply because as with other
plates we take and quickly we go
going down
and we jump and we have a very
soft
I what I do that the first system
he is marked
the plate but the other times I do not know
has been marked is because when I
I'm going down I'm going to go over my extension
for you to see
I took the iron here and here
I'm not squeezing the iron like
You can see how I could squeeze it
more but in gustre squeezing then
marks the curl but do not remain those
those brands so ugly that they tend to
pull with with wide plates
let's see what used another lock cited
although I think it's pretty simple
we rotate but without pressing
and as you can see, this was almost
it has been better because it has not been
no type of brand
It is very easy
As you can see, the iron is a bit
open and the aura a little bit and let the
hair slips and that's why it makes the wave
so soft
and well, I think that more or less
the idea has been clear too
for do
the tips out simply
we go down a little and as you see
directly, the
tip is very easy and the truth is that
since I have the iron, what is it
for just a few days this end of
week right in a state at home and
always took me to the pincer and the
iron because I like it always
perform certain parts of my hair and
others and make me curls and I've only
taken to the plate and general because I
I have been able to comb well without any type of
problem
and with just one device so nothing
we see in the next video I hope that
you liked the background a kiss